- [whispers]
- [howls]
- [spooky music]
- [screams]
[Narrator] Tonight.
[Jaleel] Which way did he go? Which way
did he go?
[Narrator] Miles outside of
the comforts of Hollywood,
[chainsaw revs]
[Narrator] Star couple and horror fanatics
Tempest Bledsoe,
Your queen of scream!
[Narrator] ...and Darryl Bell,
You may call me the Master of Mayhem.
[Narrator] ...have invited three celebrity
teams led by a television icon...
- [Jaleel] Oh, hey, hey.
- [Chris] Oh, whoa.
[Narrator] ...a rising superstar,
and a rap sensation,
[yelling]
to play a gruesome game of terror.
Where they must face three haunted mazes.
[screaming]
And whoever screams the least survives.
They touching.
[Narrator] Our scream meters
track every shriek they make,
while our judges add more
points at their discretion.
[Tempest] They're running, I'm adding two
points.
[host] The team with the lowest score at
the end
takes home the prestigious
Medals of Mayhem.
I need that in my life.
[Narrator] Who can survive the night in a
game where you can't run,
you can't hide, and you
can't close your eyes?
Let's go!
♪♪
[laughing]
[Narrator] Welcome to Make Me Scream.
[sinister laugh]
- [growling]
- [dramatic music throughout]
[Tempest] Good evening and
welcome to Make Me Scream.
I'm Tempest Bledsoe, your queen of scream.
And I'm Darryl Bell.
But you may call me the Master of Mayhem.
[Tempest] We couldn't think of a
better way to celebrate
our love for horror than having some
friends over for a scream or two.
Tonight, each of you will face
three terrifying scare zones
where surprises wait around each corner.
And your objective is simple.
Just don't scream.
[Tempest and Darryl laugh]
[Darryl] Look around, and meet your
competition.
We've got Jaleel White
and his buddy Chris.
I'm Jaleel White. I'm a father,
so I have to maintain my disposition.
And this is my partner Chris.
He is not a father and I'm hoping that
- he maintains his disposition.
- Exactly.
[Darryl] Lil Xan and his
partner in crime, Karma.
My name is Diego, AKA Xan, and I have the
amazing Heaven, AKA Karma, with me.
-That's me.
-I'm here to absolutely dominate this.
[Darryl] And finally, Shoniqua Shandai and
her godsister Javalan.
My name is Shoniqua Shondai.
You might know me from the Amazon show,
Harlem, where I play Angie,
and this is my godsister Javalan.
[Tempest] Now here's how it's gonna work.
You are gonna go through each of our
scare zones, wearing our scream meter,
which tracks every single scream
that I guarantee you, you are gonna make.
You might see this face a lot.
- This face.
- The grit, the face.
If you bite down, then when
you get scared, it comes out.
- I'm vocalizing.
- See that?
- But I'm not screaming.
- It's all strategy.
The more you scream, the
more your score will swell.
Oh, I'm swelling already. And just like
Jigsaw, we'll be watching your every move.
Every move.
And we'll penalize you at our
discretion for things like
running, hiding, or closing your eyes.
Yeah you're gonna hear
me scream a lot tonight,
you know, but I'm just
hoping I don't look stupid.
[Darryl] The team with the lowest
score at the end of the night,
lives. Or wins, depending how you look at.
[Shoniqua] I'm not sure what I
have gotten myself into.
[Javalan] Right.
But, I know that
we could do it together.
We together though, so that, you know.
Yeah.
[Darryl] All of you are playing for this.
[Tempest laughs]
[Darryl] The Medal of Mayhem.
There's a little bling for your bravery.
Pay attention, losers.
You don't gotta worry about that. You
don't gotta worry.
See, we are old, experienced, weathered.
I seen some things to shriek about.
They've never seen an
AMEX bill like we have.
- [Chris] Yeah.
- They've just never seen it.
The witching hour is upon us.
And it's time for your first scare zone.
The Chamber of the Damned.
[goblin laughs]
[yelling]
[Narrator] In this zone, teams must first
wind their way past Lady Death,
then go through a swamp creatures lair,
then face the human spider.
Next, they take on a
treacherous vampire tomb.
And then must make their escape
through the Forest of Doom.
Okay, everybody, let's get our party
started and let's get our scream on.
[Darryl laughs]
[Darryl] Here are the rules.
We're going to add one point
for every scream they make.
[Tempest] And we're adding
points every time they run,
hide, close their eyes, or
do something ridiculous.
[Darryl] At the end of the night,
the team with the lowest total score wins.
[Tempest] First out of the
gate are Shoniqua and Javalan.
- All right.
- You look good, you look real good.
- Thank you, sis.
- But today we ain't trying to be cute.
We got to get ready.
I like this energy.
I like this pep talk.
You like it? You like it?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
♪♪
Where they at? Oh, what?
[Shoniqua] Listen, sometimes you gotta
like, just...
- Sometimes you just gotta, yeah.
- ...shock yourself.
- All right, let's go.
- You go in first. You do that girl.
[Shoniqua groans]
Jav, don't leave me. Joy, Joy, Joy.
[Shoniqua hums]
Just don't look at 'em, man.
They trying to scare you.
- Joy.
- I know what this is.
[Darryl] Javalan is trying to be brave.
Keep yo chin up and your head up.
[screaming]
- Keep your voice down.
- Joy.
- Well, that lasted 30 seconds.
- No more brave.
♪♪
[monster yells]
[growls]
[Shoniqua stammering] Joy.
[stammering and nervous laughter]
[clicking]
♪♪
- [growls]
- [Shoniqua yells]
- Look at me. Look at me.
- [Shoniqua] We got it...
[Javalan] Keep yo head up.
[Shoniqua screams]
[Darryl] Nine screams isn't bad so far.
I like how she was trying to dance with
him.
♪♪
[sinister laugh]
[Shoniqua] Hold my hand girl, you're too
far away.
- Are you crying?
- Yes girl, I'm crying.
[vampire screeches]
[vampire yells]
[Javalan] I got you.
[Shoniqua screams]
- [deep sinister laugh]
- [Shoniqua screams]
Joy, Joy, Joy, Joy.
Come on baby.
You came outta nowhere.
You came outta nowhere. Let me!
They touching.
They touching!
[monster yelling]
[Tempest] And running to the finish.
- [Shoniqua yells]
- [Javalan laughs]
- Woo.
- You good?
God. I think I'm having an asthma
attack.
I couldn't breathe when I got out.
Like, I was lowkey hyperventilating.
I felt like I should
have brought an inhaler.
[Javalan] Why would you cry?
Girl, I don't know, emotions overwhelmed.
My emotional being.
- And when we put on that shield of faith,
- Uh-huh.
you know, it helped combat the stuff.
But when we let it drop,
- Come on. sister. Come on, sister.
- I was so vulnerable.
So that's why you always gotta
have your shield of faith,
but you always need the Lord on your
side.
Yes, yes.
[sinister laugh]
[Tempest] Okay, only 13 screams.
But we'll see what happens
when we add their penalties.
Next up, Jaleel and Chris.
- What's the strategy? Cause I feel like...
- Well, I planned ahead.
I got some adult diapers
just in case something, you know...
I'm being serious though.
They about to get us. I'm like...
I'm feeling real Black right now
because I feel like we've been profiled.
Stick close together,
gotta stay close together.
And then, maybe, back to back maybe?
Like a strategy like, you see if from that
side, I see it from this side.
- Ooh, I could do the back to back.
- Right?
- [sinister voice] Fresh meat.
- Fresh meat?
[Chris] Alright.
I don't... That's, that's wild. That's
scary. I hear some banging, the banging.
There's a banging though.
[monster screams]
[Jaleel groans]
[Tempest] Lady Death is two for two.
- [growling]
- [Jaleel] Chris!
♪♪
Nah, see I don't like to play.
- [monster yells]
- [Jaleel yells]
[Jaleel] The teeth.
- [character growling]
- [Jaleel moaning]
- [Chris] Oh! He playing, he playing!
- [Jaleel] Don't make a noise.
[Darryl] The next room's scares racked up
points for Shoniqua's team.
Let's see how Jaleel and Chris do.
All right, this is all,
you know what this is.
[character growls]
- Oh, hey, hey, oh.
- Whoa, woo.
- He did the one leg.
- Karate move.
- Oh, hey, hey, oh.
- Whoa, woo.
He went Ralph Macchio.
♪♪
[Jaleel] The woman is alive.
[monster screams]
[Jaleel stutters and woos]
That wasn't a scream, that was a whistle.
That was like...
- [growling]
- [rattling]
♪♪
- [vampire screeches]
- Oh! Oh.
Woo! Woo!
[vampire yells]
- [vampire yells]
- [Chris yelps]
[Tempest] They're catching
up to Shoniqua and Javalan.
[Chris yelping]
[monsters yelling]
[sinister laugh]
[Chris] Aggressive.
Why you so aggressive?
[monster] What are you doing in my woods?
[Jaleel] Okay.
[Darryl] And another team running outta
the Forest of Doom. [laughing]
- I scream a couple of times.
- I uh. Yeah, you screamed a lot.
He grabbed my foot!
You can't grab my foot like that.
I invented this face and I just do that.
And I don't scream.
It challenged my masculinity.
Challenged it.
I'm almost soiled myself for a second.
[Tempest] 15 screams.
So that's monsters
So it's on to Xan and Karma.
Well, I actually chose Karma to be my
partner because I needed a human bulldozer
- to get through everything.
- What?
- To get through every scary thing first.
Alright remember, no running, no hiding,
and no closing your eyes.
You remember that.
- Got this, come on.
- We got this.
- Human bulldozer, get over there.
- No, you're going first.
- Aw, bro, come on.
- All right, let's go. No, no, you go.
- Go, go.
- I'm scared.
- Go!
♪♪
- You go.
- That's not even...
- I don't know. No I need you...
- No! Go, go, go, go, go.
- Oh my god, spiders.
- Oh yeah.
[Karma laughs]
- [Lady Death screams]
- [Karma screams]
[Lil Xan] Woah!
[Darryl] Lady Death delivers a third blow.
Come on Heaven, you got this.
- [monster screams]
- [Karma screams]
[Lil Xan laughs]
She is off to the races already.
- [Karma] Watch out!
- Hey! Come in! I'll go.
- [monster growls]
- [Xan yells]
[Tempest] [laughing] A lot
of screams already.
- Get up there you human bulldozer.
- No.
[slithering]
- Oh, what is this thing? Look at...
- You go.
- [growling]
- [Lil Xan yells]
No I'll be in front.
I got this, I got you.
[Karma and Lil Xan screams]
Come on, I gotta win.
Ah, I want to win this.
[vampire] You ain't gonna win anything!
[Darryl] Xan is in a dead heat with Jaleel
with 14 screams.
- [monster yells]
- [Lil Xan yells]
[laughing] Oh my God.
[Darryl] Well, where goes that dead heat.
[Karma] Oh my gosh. [laughs]
Yeah. You being a bulldozer technique.
Works every time.
You did terrible.
But it's okay.
- I really tried. I really tried.
- But it's okay.
Just as I thought, she was the most
scared. The most scarediness.
- I disagree. I disagree.
- Scaredy cat right there.
You were making me go first.
If we lose, it's
definitely because of her.
You told me before we went in. No running,
no hiding, and no closing your eyes.
The first thing you do when
we get in there is run.
- We're gonna lose.
- Do we really gotta do this?
You said that like 80 times bro.
Alright, you know, I really think it
was your fault for running.
Yeah. If we lose now, it's my fault.
- Yeah.
- Dammit.
Congratulations, you all survived your
first scare zone. Well done.
And now it is time for your scores,
which again factor in all of your screams.
- Plus any points that we may have add.
- At our own discretion.
Jaleel and Chris, you only screamed 15
times, but broke a bunch of rules.
Especially when Jaleel tried to hide
from the Swamp Monster.
Your scare score is 26.
[Chris] 26. 26.
Alright, alright.
That's our first score.
[Chris] That's right.
[Jaleel] Let's see what you get down
there, furry popsicle.
[Darryl] Now Shoniqua, you and Javalan
screamed 13 times,
but we had to add a lot,
especially while you were practically
crawling on the floor in the vampire tomb.
You guys' scare score, 24.
- [Shoniqua] Oh yeah!
- [Javalan] Alright, alright.
[Darryl] Barely edging out Chris and
Jaleel.
- [Javalan] Hey! I remember when I was 24.
- [Shoniqua] That felt good.
Finally, Xan and Karma.
Oh my sweet goodness.
Now Xan, you had a
really interesting strategy
going with the bulldozer technique.
- Yeah.
- See, I peeped that out.
It works every time.
But it caused more screams and penalties.
You guys ended up with a
whopping scare score of 33.
Looks like it didn't work that time.
[laughter]
[Javalan] You can make up for it.
That means currently Shoniqua
and Javalan are in the lead.
- [Darryl] Yes.
- [Tempest] Followed by Jaleel and Chris
and bleeding out in last place
are Xan and Karma.
- Cause we won.
- The rest you gotta pay for.
And you can pay
for it with that necklace.
Yes.
For your next scare zone, each of you will
face a different horrifying experience
based on your deepest fears.
We're bringing your nightmares
to life, just like Mr. Freddy Kruger.
These are the Tests of Terror.
- [groaning]
- [screaming]
[Narrator] In this zone, each team is
given a different test to face
their deepest fears.
[screaming]
Whether it be extracting
aliens during an invasion,
Help! Get this alien out!
[Narrator] ...popping red balloons
within a killer clown carnival,
[clown laughing and yelling]
[Narrator] ...or finding skulls in the
terrifying catacombs.
- Will they pass?
- [screaming]
[Narrator] Or fail screaming?
[man] My beautiful guts! My beautiful
guts! Get it out!
Fright night continues. This is where we
separate the ghouls from the goblins.
This time each team has a different
terrifying test they need to complete.
But the same rules apply.
They'll get one point for each scream.
[Tempest] And as always,
we're adding points
for running, hiding, and closing eyes.
Let's see how Shoniqua and Javalan do.
This is their worst nightmare.
We're bringing in the
aliens for the invasion.
♪♪
[Javalan] People dead over here.
Get your friend off of here, get your
friend.
- Oh.
- Okay.
Welcome to the invasion.
The end is here.
Five aliens are on the loose
feeding on human brain juice.
Collect all five to fight off the hive.
But look out for those infected
or it might just be your
brains that get collected.
- We got over Covid, for real?
- I like the rhyme.
- [Shoniqua laughs]
- [Javalan] Okay. What, what we do next?
We gotta collect some aliens and they
mention something about infections.
- So I guess we need the gloves.
- We have to put on these.
Oh, it's the bucket
to put the aliens in.
It's like going fishing.
Let's just go catch some aliens.
Catching aliens, let's go.
Alright, I'm staying away from over there.
Oh girl, something gonna hop out,
something gonna hop out,
something gonna
hop out, I can tell ya.
- [Javalan screams]
- [alien screaming]
Okay.
[aliens chittering]
I'm just gonna take this right here. Woo!
- [Shoniqua] Get your ass in.
- Man, I wasn't supposed to scream.
Imma tell you, you're going to have to do
that one.
- [Shoniqua] No I don't want to.
- Come together. Come together.
[Shoniqua] Why's he smiling like that?
[man yells]
Help! Help! Get it out!
Get this alien out!
Can you chillax,
I can help you.
- Okay, okay.
- [man] Why? It's in so deep!
- [Shoniqua] I'm coming, I'm coming.
- Get it now.
- Lord Jesus.
- Come on, throw it in there.
[man screams]
Oh my God!
Ah, it got in my eye.
It got in my eye.
- [Javalan] Okay, okay.
- [Shoniqua yells]
[alien growling]
[Shoniqua] It got in my eye.
It got in my eye.
Is it, do you see it in my eye? In my
left eye.
- I don't, I don't see it.
- In my left eye, your right eye.
- Right here.
- Yeah, I don't see anything.
Alright, if I was an alien, where would I
go next? Okay.
[Darryl] They found one
hiding in the gas pump.
[alien growls]
You wanna block forms of communication.
It's gonna be here, it's gonna be here.
- I see it.
- You see it?
I see it. I see it.
[Javalan] Look, I'm gonna hit you with one
of these, okay?
[Shoniqua] Okay. Do it, do it. We ain't
scared.
- [Javalan] Okay.
- Oh, you want me to get it?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Oh, I can hold it open.
- Put this here.
- If you get it.
- Okay we got it.
- What does it look like?
A mouth.
Oh, yo. You gone bite?
[Javalan] Go get it, get it, get it.
- You got it, you got it? Yeah, yeah.
- That's what I'm saying.
[Shoniqua] Alright. Oh there's one right
there, I can see it. I can see it.
[Javalan] Now why he make it so easy? Sir,
can we talk?
He gone get you girl.
- Imma...
- He's over there talking smack.
- Tickle.
- Tickle him.
Tickle tickle.
Good strat, good strat.
Oh, you really dead.
[Shoniqua and Javalan scream]
[man groaning]
♪♪
[alien chitters]
- Get it. Yeah, sis.
- Yeah.
Listen, I forgot you played sports.
This is good.
Indeed, indeed.
- Okay.
Where else? It's probably by the tires
huh?
Yeah.
[Tempest] Seven screams so far. Strong
showing from the current first place team.
One more alien.
- What body?
- The one with the denim jeans on.
- And the pink plaid, I like pink.
- You like pink?
Sir, we're matching you.
You look like somebody already got to
you. Huh? You can't be...
- [alien growling]
- Okay, don't come out, y'all.
Don't come out.
Oh, he dead.
- I ain't trying to...
- [alien growls]
Oh.
- Oh, I see you. Whoa!
- Get it, get it, get it.
[Shoniqua screaming]
- [Javalan screams]
- [Darryl laughing]
[Tempest] They ran. They ran.
They had it up until then.
I know a little bit of
alien guts flew in my eye
as we pulled them out, because he kept
moving.
- No one wants alien juice in their eye.
- Or any juice.
For real.
So I had to yank it out real fast and then
it flunk back and got me in the eye.
And so that's also
partially why I was running.
Because I could only see from one eye.
I might have an alien infection now.
- Cause it got in my eye.
- I forgot it was contagious.
We love Jaleel. So we set up
something extra special for him.
- We are sending him to the carnival.
- [scream]
[Chris] What is this? What is this?
- Not the jack in the box I'm used to.
- Right?
I'm gonna take this one.
- You take the next one. Alright.
- Okay, I got you.
- Welcome to the carnival.
- Gotcha.
- This is one ride you won't soon forget.
- Okay.
Five red balloons are hiding within.
You'll find them where
the lights don't dim.
- The lights don't dim.
- Don't dim, got it okay?
- So it should be bright I would imagine.
- Yeah it should be bright, okay.
Pop all five to stay alive, but be careful
where you walk
for this is where clowns
and killers like to stalk.
Oh, okay, all right.
- Five balloons.
- That's all we have to do.
- That's easy.
- No, don't ever say that, dog.
That's when you jinx the stuff.
Don't ever say that out loud.
Just keep that to yourself.
- Let's do this. Come on. Let's go.
- Let's get it baby.
♪♪
- Okay.
- All right.
- We gotta watch where we walk.
- Watch when you walk.
- We got that one there.
- We got this one. We gonna take it?
This the first.
Do you want to do the first one?
[girl screaming]
Oh. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
[clown] Pop the balloon!
[Darryl] He hasn't even
popped the balloon yet
and Jaleel is already frozen in fear.
Yup. Points added.
[clown] My balloon, don't touch it.
[Jaleel screams]
There we go. One down.
[Jaleel] Alright, um.
Wanna do 'em separately?
Cause I see one right here.
Or are we doing one at a time?
I'm close to this one, and I don't think
this is a, someone's gonna be here.
So let me just...
Just jump on it.
[clown] That's my balloon.
Don't you touch it.
We got one right here.
Oh we'll take that one. Ready?
- [Chris] There's no one around...
- [car horn honking]
- That was a run. And a jump.
- Yes.
- [car horn honking]
- [clown laughing]
[clown] You think you can take it
without my permission?
Oh, go ahead, go ahead, yeah.
[car horn honking]
[balloon pops]
[Darryl] Two more balloons
and only five screams so far.
Slightly better than Shoniqua and Javalan.
Hey little...
♪♪
[Jaleel] This is where we
know they gonna do something.
- [Chris] I know, I know.
- We know they gonna do something.
[gorilla growls]
You gonna play games like that?
- [Chris laughs]
- [gorilla growls]
- [Chris] I'll distract him.
- [balloon pops]
[Jaleel laughs] Bye sucker.
- We got one more.
- All right, we got one more.
- [Jaleel] Alright, we got...
- [clown] You want it? Take it.
- [clown] Go ahead. Take it.
- [Jaleel] How is he?
[clown] Go ahead. Take it!
[Chris] He's goading us.
- [Chris] He's telling us what to do.
- Is there a trap though at all?
Like just, oh, oh oh,
is it attached to something?
[clown] Take it.
Look look look.
♪♪
[clown yells]
That was crazy.
- [chainsaw revs]
- [Jaleel and Chris yell]
[balloon pops]
- [Jaleel screams]
- [clown] Go! Go! Now!
[Jaleel laughs]
I'm not messing with no ch...
- That's running.
- No, that's a sprint.
I don't like being chased by a chainsaw.
That will motivate me
to run as fast as I can.
- Oh. Did we get marked off for running?
- That's a good motivation. I'm surprised.
- Oh, I can't stand y'all.
- Oh! That's right!
- We got marked off for running!
- We ran! We're not supposed to run!
We got marked off for running.
I was so excited to see Jaleel and Chris
go through the carnival,
because I know Jaleel is afraid of clowns,
so... [laughs] And we got 'em good.
[Darryl] I thought the clowns did great.
I don't know about Jaleel and Chris,
but the clowns were spectacular.
They did their job.
So it's on to Xan and Karma.
Xan told us his greatest
fear is being buried alive.
Oh yeah. That's real.
That's real.
[Tempest] This is The Catacombs.
[sinister laugh]
Okay. There is a letter here.
Here we go.
Welcome to The Catacombs.
Prepare for a very grave matter.
There are five golden skulls buried
underground and just waiting to be found.
Retrieve them all my friends,
so this rain of evil finally ends.
But be careful when you mingle with the
dead, for that's when blood will be shed.
- I'm not looking forward to this.
- Neither am I. Let's...
What do you think?
What do you think's in there?
- Something that we don't want to see.
- Exactly. Right.
- Right.
- Are you gonna scream?
Nope, I wanna win this thing.
- That's a lie.
- We're gonna win this thing.
That's a damn lie.
Let's get on with it right?
- You grab that bag.
- Let's go.
♪♪
[Karma] Alright.
[Lil Xan] Spooky.
- Alright.
- Let's go.
- [spooky whispers]
- Wanna check this out?
- Yeah, let's get our...
- See, I'm afraid of spiders.
I'm definitely not putting my hand in
there.
All right, I'll do it. I'll do it.
- This is a you thing.
- I'll do it.
[Tempest] That first
gold skull is buried there.
- Come on, you got this.
- Golden skull.
You're not even looking, come on.
- Alright, here we go.
- I'll help you. I'll help you out.
- [mummy growls]
- [Karma screams]
[Karma and Xan laugh]
- Okay.
- Keep looking!
♪♪
- Nice, nice.
- There we go.
- Give me, give me the light.
- Here we go.
- [skeleton growls]
- [Karma screams]
[Lil Xan and Karma hooting and laughing]
She lost her absolute composure.
[Karma screams]
[Tempest] I'm adding points. She's gotta
calm down and catch her breath.
- Golden skull.
- Yeah, under it, I got this.
All right, go, you got this.
I don't like this, even fake.
- [Xan screams]
- [monster growls]
I did not expect that.
Take it, take it, take it, take it!
Did you drop it? Okay.
[spooky whispers]
- Give me that, I'll take that.
- All right.
- I'll take the light. I got you.
- Golden.
Yeah, that was pretty easy to get. I got
you.
All right, all right.
This actually looks
like a dead body. Dude.
Oh my God.
[monster growls]
- Grab it, grab it.
- [Karma screams]
- [monster growls]
[Tempest] Uh uh, she's hiding, she covered
her eyes. I'm adding points.
[Xan yelling]
[Karma] Come on.
[spooky whispers]
- A hole? Macabre.
- Oh my gosh.
- Did you hear that? Did you hear that?
- No, this is... this is your...
This is your punishment.
You gotta stick your hand in there.
There's no way you want me
to stick my hand in there.
- Yeah, do it.
- Okay. Okay.
- One, two, three.
- Two, three.
[spooky whispers]
[Karma screams]
- You didn't grab anything. Come on.
- [Karma screams]
- You didn't grab anything.
- [Karma laughs]
I couldn't, I couldn't...
[Darryl] One more skull
and they're outta there.
- I'll handle this one.
- The bag's ready for you.
- Oh you hear that?
- I don't like it.
[ancient voice] Who dares disturb my tomb?
[Lil Xan] Me?
- [Karma screams]
- [monster growls]
[Xan yells]
[Darryl] Xan down.
Oh yeah. That was the winner.
[Tempest] We need to see that again.
[Darryl] You get extra points for
tripping.
Because everybody in every
horror film dies when they trip.
[sinister laugh]
Another one down.
Well done, everybody.
So, your scare scores for this
zone are added to the last.
Now hopefully, you can keep them down
heading into our final zone.
And most infernal zone. Remember the team
with the lowest score leads.
Jaleel and Chris, [laughs] we only picked
up nine screams in the carnival.
But you were closing your eyes like
practically the whole time.
And, you ran like hell when
that chainsaw came after you.
Your scare score is 17.
- We're 17. That's under twenties.
- That's what's up.
- [laughter]
- [Chris] That's under 20.
- [Tempest] It ain't 18.
- Just so you know, it's under 20.
Now Shoniqua and Javalan,
you screamed ten times
on top of getting alien juice in your eye,
and dropping an alien.
You flew outta there
like E.T. on a bicycle.
[Javalan] You did, you did.
[Darryl] But your score for this zone is
- [Chris] Oh, did you run?
- [Jaleel] Oh, you ran.
- [Chris] Oh you ran.
You ran. That's what got you in the
twenties. Listen, we're sub...
Xan and Karma. You screamed 14 times.
And you fell.
- [Xan screams]
- Oh I did, yeah.
- [Tempest] To the floor.
- [contestants laugh]
- [Darryl] You remember that part?
- Like his knee touched the ground?
- [Lil Xan] Yes. Yeah.
- [Tempest] Like hard.
We had to add some points for that
along with a number of other things.
Your score for this zone is 23.
- [Xan and Karma cheer]
- [contestants laugh]
[Darryl] Shoniqua, you and Javalan
got knocked down to second.
Jaleel, you and Chris
managed to take the lead.
And then Xan, you and Karma are losing
gratuitous amounts blood.
Look, I'm surprised both
of y'all still standing.
What if we get zero points?
- It's okay.
- You can always rise from the dead.
- [Karma] Right, right.
- [Tempest] That's true.
[screams]
It's still anybody's haunt.
In our final zone, anything can happen.
[Darryl] We have saved our most
skin crawling zone for last.
Welcome to Sundown Manor.
- [wolf howling]
- [sinister laugh]
[Narrator] In our final zone,
teams are greeted by the devil himself.
Before entering the shocking
electrocution chamber.
Then they'll make their
way to the dining room
where the party is just getting started.
[monster] It's party time.
[high pitched laugh]
[Narrator] Next, they must duck down
into a fright-filled freezer,
which leads to a demonic dollhouse.
And then a Garden of Gore.
And last, but not least
is the Field of Screams,
where terror comes from all directions.
[screaming]
First up, is Xan and Karma,
who currently sit in copious amounts of
blood, in last place.
[Darryl] Now, it's time to show what you
made of. Let's do it.
[Chris] Try not to fall down this time.
Don't slip.
I think that tonight, to be honest,
I really think you are gonna be the more
scared one out of both of us.
- We'll see. We'll see about that.
- I do.
The last time I got scared,
my toothbrush fell in the toilet
and I was like, man, this sucks.
- All right, come on.
- No closing your eyes.
Yo, this one's for the money.
- [Karma screams]
- [Lil Xan laughing]
Don't run, don't run. [screams] Don't even
blink, don't even blink.
[Tempest] Now that is
one terrifying doorman.
- Oh my God. Oh my.
- That was a good one.
Oh, I've thought the floor was right here.
[Karma] Oh my gosh.
- Oh yeah.
- Wait, this one's really...
- Oh my goodness.
- What is, what? Nothing even touched you.
[Karma screams]
[monster growls]
[Xan yells]
[Karma] I don't want to look. I don't want
to look.
Yo what if... That just looks bad, dude I'm
not gonna...
[Karma screams]
[Tempest] Now she's not
looking. She's not looking.
This does not bode well for third place.
What would happen if i flip the switch?
Nah.
- [man yells]
- [electric shocks]
- That's what happens.
- I'll get out.
- [banging]
- [Lil Xan exclaiming]
♪♪
- [monster] Let's party!
- [Karma and Lil Xan laugh]
- [Karma] Go! Go.
- [monster] You're awfully scared!
- [Lil Xan] I'm not.
- [Karma] I'm not! I'm not.
[Karma] Oh my gosh.
[Tempest] Dinner has arrived.
[Karma] You gotta... go through the fridge
first.
[Lil Xan] Thank you.
[Lil Xan] I don't like that. You, you,
alright...nah.
I don't want it, I don't want it. I don't
want it, I don't want it, no...
I don't want it!
- [Lil Xan yells]
- [monster growls]
♪♪
- This is... this is the longest...
- I did not expect this. Right?
[Karma] There's gonna be somebody to jump
out.
[monster yells]
[Lil Xan exclaiming]
That thing that that something, isn't it?
Oh no, oh no.
[Darryl] Now onto the Field of Screams.
[chainsaw revs]
- [Karma screams]
- [Lil Xan yells]
[Lil Xan] Get me out of here.
[Darryl] Xan is employing his bulldozer
strategy.
[Lil Xan screams]
[monster growls]
[Lil Xan] Oh my God.
[monster screams]
- [Lil Xan yells]
- [Karma screams]
[Lil Xan] Oh my God.
That was hand down the scariest one
out of all of them.
- Like I'm out of breath.
- That was really scary.
- We did good.
- That was a really scary one.
I mean, we screamed, we ran,
and I closed my eyes.
So we're gonna lose.
[howling]
Oh my God, the scream
meter was all over the place.
With 22 screams.
That zone was snatching souls.
Woo, at this point, they dead.
Let's just move on and bring
out Shoniqua and Javalan.
And they're in second place.
So let's see how they hold up.
[yelling]
Mhm-hmm. She fresh.
[heavy breathing]
- [monster screams]
- [Shoniqua screams]
I like your door knob.
[Darryl] There's another
scream right of the bat.
- Oh, snap. Okay.
- Yeah, that's cool though.
That's cool. They
gonna take us downstairs.
Open your eyes.
We good. Chin up.
This is how you go after the Medal of
Mayhem. Chin up.
How you doing?
What you get in here for?
- [man yells]
- [electricity crackles]
Chin up.
- They are really balling up right here.
- Wow.
I like mannequins.
I shop all the time.
Yeah, she do hair. She...
[monster] Let's party!
[Shoniqua] That's right.
[Javalan] Oh man, y'all, what
you doing in that fridge?
[Tempest] Your dinner has arrived.
Now I know I
shouldn't be going in there.
Are we supposed to go? I'm not doing that.
I'm not accepting her invitation.
I like your coat. Green is your
color sis.
- You go first.
- It's small.
- I believe in you.
- Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah, we good.
She gonna do a little Harlem Shuffle
before she go in. Yeah we good.
[air whooshes]
- [slow suspenseful music]
- [monster laughs]
- Be cool, be cool. Be cool, be cool.
- No!
- [monster laughs]
- [monster screams]
[Shoniqua screams]
[Darryl] Moving into the Field of Screams.
Let's see if they can keep their cool.
[Shoniqua] Mhmm, mhmm.
[Shoniqua screams]
- Gotta move.
- Don't, no!
- Don't run. Don't run.
- [chainsaw revs]
[Tempest] That is hiding. I'm sorry.
[Darryl] They hold each other down,
literally.
- [Tempest] They tried.
- [Darryl] And look at 'em!
[monster screams]
[Darryl] They should be celebrating.
They only had eight screams.
[Tempest] But there was a lot of rule
breaking going on in there, D.
- We really got back to our strategy.
- Mhm-hmm.
- Remember that we were here to win.
- We are the winning team.
- Mhm-hmm.
Yeah. Yeah!
Cause you know we, we had strategy.
- I feel powerful.
- I feel great.
- I feel unstoppable.
- Chin up.
Girl, I don't feel like we
screamed one time in there.
- That was... what was that?
- That was a winning streak.
- Was there monsters in there? Yeah.
- That was a win.
[sinter laugh]
Well, let's finish this
up with Jaleel and Chris,
who are currently in
the lead in first place.
We'll see if they can hang
on for their dear lives.
- Our strategy is walk, don't run.
- Okay.
- Don't scream.
- Don't close your eyes.
- Keep your eyes open.
- You gotta close your eyes open.
- Like this, look.
Are we gonna do the
back to back thing again?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, hey, hey.
Goddamn, I almost turned my ankle.
[laughs]
[Darryl] Right off the bat,
they got them good there.
My dude. God dang it, they got me.
[Jaleel laughs]
♪♪
Slow. Slow. I'm gonna hug this rail right
here.
- Okay.
- You can hug it with me.
- All right. We are.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
God dang it here we go. Alright. Alright.
- Eyes open. Eyes open.
- Eyes open.
Slow, slow.
You got that? Okay.
I feel like I got to poop.
Oh, don't, keep in it.
Just clench.
Did he just say he
feels like he got a poop?
Yes.
Okay.
Clench.
[Jaleel and Chris yell]
- [man yells]
- [electricity crackles]
Oh, that's real shocks and stuff.
- Lit up like... Yes, indeed.
- ...a Christmas tree.
Okay.
- He's trying to get out of there.
- Okay, we got it.
You get down now, you good.
Now they're at the house party.
[monster yells]
Let's party!
I'ma act like one of these.
- Maybe he won't notice me.
- Alright.
Get your robot on.
He's trying to blend into the background.
We're supposed to walk through there?
[Darryl] We gonna put these boys on ice.
They are really trying to
maintain their composure.
But let's see how they handle the Field of
Screams. Let's go!
[chainsaw revs]
Don't run. Don't run.
He's closing his eyes, right there.
- That, no, no. Points.
- Yes, points.
[Jaleel] Nah, baby.
[screaming]
Nah baby, yeah baby, yeah baby. Yeah! Yeah
baby!
- We are out.
- Woo!
- We are out, we are good to go.
- My man.
- [monster growling]
- [howling]
Well, you've made it all
of you, congratulations.
- It is time to find out who has won.
- And who is dead meat.
Xan, you and Karma were sitting in last
place before we got to this scare zone.
In the end, you're still last place.
[contestants cheering]
[Chris] They gone get you. They gone get
you. They gone get you.
[Jaleel] I like your shoes.
[Darryl] Enjoy eternity! Now join
the monsters of Sundown Manor.
[screaming]
[Tempest] We will miss you.
- [Darryl] And then there were two.
- [Tempest laughing]
Both of you were truly
brave in Sundown Manor.
But only one of you will
win the Medals of Mayhem.
I gotta have that.
Shoniqua and Javalan,
with only eight screams,
Sundown Manor might have
been your bravest zone yet.
But as soon as
you entered the doll room,
Shoniqua started using
Javalan as a human shield,
which would be considered hiding,
so we will see where you land.
Jaleel, you and Chris were in first place
before Sundown Manor.
And we only picked up seven
screams from you in this zone.
But, right off the bat, Jaleel,
you almost broke an ankle.
I mean, that was worth
five points on itself.
I wasn't in the house yet.
- Exactly.
- That's why I was so egregious.
So now...
This is the final judgment. Who wins?
And who dies?
{Tempest and Darryl laughing]
[Darryl] The team with the next
highest scare score,
with a score of 69, is
Whoo, hold on, woo.
Shoniqua and Javalan.
[Jaleel and Chris yell]
Which means Jaleel and Chris, you are the
winners of Make Me Scream!
We'll miss you.
Shoniqua, Javalan,
thanks for coming!
[Jaleel] They dead.
[Tempest] That means, Jaleel and Chris,
you have survived the night.
- Now...
- You can...
- Scream?
- [Tempest] Yeah!
[Jaleel and Chris scream]
With... the Medals of Mayhem.
- Bring it to me pig man!
- Yes!
We are the winners of Make Me Scream.
[Jaleel and Chris howls]
- [upbeat music throughout]
- [screaming]
♪♪